add more info about cache key generation in proxy-cache-advanced (#6982)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/proxy-cache-advanced/overview/_index.md

represented as a hexadecimal-encoded MD5 sum of the concatenation of the constituent parts calculated as follows:

```
key = md5(UUID | method | request | query_params | headers | consumer_groups)
```

Where `method` is defined via the OpenResty `ngx.req.get_method()` call, `request` is defined via the Nginx `$request` variable.

> `query_params` and `headers` are controlled via configuration parameters `vary_query_params` and `vary_headers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control `query_params` and `headers` via the configuration parameters 
[`vary_query_params`](/hub/kong-inc/proxy-cache-advanced/configuration/#config-vary_query_params) and 
[`vary_headers`](/hub/kong-inc/proxy-cache-advanced/configuration/#config-vary_headers).
```
